PowerShell Help for Microsoft.WinGet.Client (#4674)
microsoft/winget-cli: src/PowerShell/Help/Microsoft.WinGet.Client/Repair-WinGetPackageManager.md

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.WinGet.Client.Cmdlets.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Microsoft.WinGet.Client
ms.date: 08/01/2024
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
title: Repair-WinGetPackageManager
---

# Repair-WinGetPackageManager

## SYNOPSIS
Repairs the WinGet client.

## SYNTAX

### IntegrityVersionSet (Default)

```
Repair-WinGetPackageManager [-AllUsers] [-Force] [-Version <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### IntegrityLatestSet

```
Repair-WinGetPackageManager [-AllUsers] [-Force] [-Latest] [-IncludePreRelease]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

Repairs the WinGet client by installing or updating the client to either the latest or a specified
version. This cmdlet also checks to make sure that the client is in a working state.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Repair the WinGet client

```powershell
Repair-WinGetPackageManager
```

Ensures the current installed version of WinGet is functional.

### Example 2: Force install the latest version

```powershell
Repair-WinGetPackageManager -Latest -Force
```

> Installs the latest version of WinGet and ensures it functions properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to repair they WinGet client by installing the latest version and ensuring
it functions properly. The **Force** parameter shuts down the version that is currently running so
that it can update the application files.
```

## PARAMETERS

### -AllUsers

> Indicates that this cmdlet repairs the WinGet client for all user accounts on the computer. To use
> this parameter, you must run the command with administrator permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this parameter to repair the WinGet client for all user accounts on the computer. The command
must run the command with administrator permissions.
```

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force

> Force the repair even when other checks WinGet would perform would prevent this action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Force** parameter shuts down the version that is currently running so that it can update the
application files.
```

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.WinGet.Client.Cmdlets.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Microsoft.WinGet.Client
ms.date: 08/01/2024
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
title: Repair-WinGetPackageManager
---

# Repair-WinGetPackageManager

## SYNOPSIS
Repairs the installation of the WinGet client on your computer.

## SYNTAX

### IntegrityVersionSet (Default)

```
Repair-WinGetPackageManager [-AllUsers] [-Force] [-Version <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### IntegrityLatestSet

```
Repair-WinGetPackageManager [-AllUsers] [-Force] [-Latest] [-IncludePreRelease]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> This command repairs the installation of the WinGet client on your computer by installing the

Reviewer 2: This makes me think it only works if it is already installed, but it can also be used to install if it is missing, right? Should we clarify?

Reviewer 3: Updated description.
